10	1	Welcome to Little Venice	This is an alpha of Little Venice, also known as "poverty simulator" by literally no one. This is the news section, where you can see how the world is changing around you. News may also give you hints to what parts of the city to avoid and what things you need to be aware of.	0
10	2	Government Comes Up With New Crime Scale	The Revolutionary Government of #c has revealed a new official statistic used for measuring crime in the city. "The Free Science Plan has developed a scale from 1 to 10 in which to measure the violence in the country. As the great nation we are, currently we locate ourselves at 0, above the rest of the world" said governor Malkhava yesterday in a news report.	0
10	6	Government Reveals "Equality Plan" 	The eastern district #d6 have ranked on multiple ocassions as one of the worst regions of the continent due to its high poverty index, despite holding around a 40% of the #c population. Government officials have recently unveiled a plan to increase taxes in #d1 and divide half of that among the citizens of #d6. Click here to read more.	0 
10	15	Pool in #d4 Closed	The pool in #d4 was closed this week after police officials found a decomposing human body in the water tank. The officials were called after someone in the public pool complained about a foul odor. An investigation is currently ongoing to determine how the body got there and why. 	9
10	27	"The Blender" Finally Caught	The female serial killer known as "The Blender" was finally caught this week thanks to the brave effort of the police. Joan Oster adquired the nickname after several victims were found next to mutilated parts of their bodies in bags next to them. #n Click Here to Continue Reading...	0
10	31	Friendly Reminder about Halloween	Government officials gave a speech last night to remind the citizens of #c that Halloween is not only a festivity invented by the Filth Empire to take advantage of the middle and lower classes, but that it is also scientifically proven to be satanic and bring all manners of soul sicknesses.  #n Don't let your kids be fooled.	0 	
11	1	Unexpected Testing Session Crashes Economy	Out of nowhere, all the banks in the entire country exploded at the same time. "I did it for the lulz" says game developer, testing how economy will be at its worst by the end of the game.	6
11	7	Power Outages Reported in #d3	#d3, the industrial district of #c , has reported power outages as of late. Local services have offered the explanation that a lizard sneaked into the power plant and bit the cables, rendering that region powerless for a whole day. The issue has since then been resolved.	7
11	14	Dito Park Hasn't Been Doing Well...	The newly reopened Dito Park, located in #d5 , has repotedly been doing poorly as of late. The owner acuses crime conflicts in the city of drawing people away from the park. #d5 is the second most-dangerous district of #c only after #d6 . While gang wars aren't as common as in the latter, they are still a significant threat to citizen peace.	0
11	27	Murder in the Hills 	Last wednesday a body was found in a local dumpsted of #d1 . Citizens of the area are shocked and disturbed by this event, as this district is known for being restricted to high class citizens. Details of the body are still confidential, we will keep you updated as the story develops.	8
11	31	Local Game Developer Impressed	This is as far as this newspaper is written. The creator of this game is thoroughly impressed that you made it this far into the game without dying. In the survey after the game write this in Question 11: AXOLOTL.	0