0	Introduction	[Important info]
0.0	Little Venice	<b>Little Venice</b> is a resource management game where you play as the father figure of a family of four. Like in similar to games like <b>The Oregon Trail #cprght </b> and <b>This War of Mine #cprght </b> the objective is to survive, hopefully keeping your family alive, until a certain point in the game.
0.1	Backstory	Your character just lost his business to a forceful government takeover and is practically bankrupt by the start of October. A friend of yours offered you a job at a local office with flexible work hours. Hopefully it will be enough to maintain your family.
0.2	The Objective	The Objective in Little Venice is to <b>survive three in-game-months to December 31st</b>, keeping your yourself alive and happy in a country that will slowly suffer from shortages and deterioration. The death of the father character you control is an instant game over.
0.3	Time    	Time management is one of the main mechanics of Little Venice. Each day is divided in three slots and you can only participate in one activity per slot. You can keep track of the time of day, as well as the current date, by looking at the phone screen on the top-right corner of the screen.
0.4	How to Start	Time won't advance until you click on an activity. Try working in the Office first. You can open the house menu to see the family stats and determine when you need food. To know more about your resources read the "Resources" section.
1	Resources 	[The main resources]
1.0	How to Get Them  	Resources can only be adquired at stores. Different stores have different priorities for different types of items and may sell them for different prices. You must also consider that the stock of a store decreases over the week, so if you really need an item, you must plan ahead of time. <b>There is no way of knowing the stock of a store before entering it</b>
1.1	Money    	Money is the most basic resource. It's used for buying items, paying services and executing activities. Money can be obtained with work activities or through some rare events.
1.2	Food    	Food is the most important item in the game. <b>Every day each member of your family will consume the amount of food you tell them to.</b> Depending on how well they eat, the health of family members may drift lower torwards an index. Their morale may also drop depending on how well they eat.
1.3	Cleaning Items	<b>Every day, a cleaning item will be consumed.</b> Running out of these items increases the chances of illnesses and also drops morale faster.
1.4	Hygiene Items	<b>At the end of a week, one hygiene item will be consumed for every member of your family still in the house.</b> Running out of these items increases the chances of illnesses and drops morale faster.
1.5	Medicines	If a member of the family ever gets sick, you can make them consume a certain amount of medicine. Medicine speeds up the healing process significantly, and may even be used to increase morale significantly, but they are also more expensive than other resources. 
1.6	Shortages	As the game progresses and economy worsens it will be harder for stores to afford items in order to resupply stock. With time, stores will offer less items at higher prices, and sometimes you will have to take risks of make sacrifices to obtain what you need. 
2	House and Family	[What you need to know about them]
2.0	House Maintenance   	[Info about the house]
2.0.0	Services	Your house has electricity, water, gas, etc. These services make the life of everybody living in the house better and help keep it clean. Once a month you will have to pay for them. Failing to do so will cancel the services, decreasing the morale of the people living in the house and increasing the risk of contagion. You can always pay these services in the house menu if you are overdue, but this count as an activity.	
2.0.1	Inventory	In the House Menu <i>(See "Interface")</i> you can see the inventory of your house. Your house can store Food, Medicine and Cleaning and Hygiene Items. You can also distribute how much food per day is consumed by each member of the family, as well as check their health and morale.
2.1	Family  	[Info about the family]
2.1.0	Health  	Health is the main statistic you need to worry about. If the health of a character gets too low, they will die. If the father figure dies, it's a game over. Death also affects other members of the house, making them mourn that person until the end of the game, lowering their maximum morale.
2.1.1	Morale  	Morale plays a very important role in keeping your family alive. A character with low morale may become depressed, which decreases their health AND their morale. If they become too depressed they might become Unstable <i>(See "Unstability")</i>
2.1.2	Illneses	A dirty house with no running water in a deteriorating city is a breeding ground for plagues. With time, the chances of a member of your family getting sick increase, and they only get worse if you neglect the hygiene of your house. Illneses affect negatively the health and morale of a family member, some in more severe ways than others. So you want to avoid it at all cost.
2.1.3	Unstability	When a character morale hits a certain number they become unstable. An unstable character is a danger to themselves and the rest of the family. They might fight with other people, leave the house, kill themselves, kill someone else, and in some cases, cause a game over. Unstability is the biggest risk caused by a low morale. It's easier to tell when your character is becoming unstable, but you must be wary of the others.
3	Interface	[Interface info]
3.0	House Menu	[Info about it]
3.0.0	Opening it	You can open the House Menu by left-clicking on the top-left corner of the screen, on the white house.
3.0.1	Inventory Tab	The inventory tab shows how much food, medicines, cleaning items and hygiene items are left. It also tells you how much time is left for the next service bill. This is also where you can pay the service bill if you miss a deadline, at the cost of a time slot.
3.0.2	Family Tab	[Index for it]
3.0.2.0	Purpose 	The Family tab shows the members of the house still living in their house and their current condition.
3.0.2.1	Order   	The first family member in the Family tab is you, right below you is your wife, below her is your son and below him is your daughter. <b>At the end of a day, the priorities of who eats first goes from bottom to top.</b> You can't change this order.
3.0.2.2	Parts: Portrait	This portrait shows the facial features of each family member to make them more identifiable.
3.0.2.3	Parts: Health	Located to the right of the portait, this part describes in a single word the current health status of the character. A color acentuates this word. The closer to <color=green>green</color> the word is, the better. The closer to <color=red>red</color>, the worse.
3.0.2.4	Parts: Morale	Located right below the health, this part tells you in a single word how the person is feeling right now. A color accentuates this word. The closer it is to <color=green>green</color> the better, the closer it is to <color=darkblue>dark blue</color> the worse.
3.0.2.5	Parts: Food	Right next to the health and morale you can find arrows that let you manage how much food a day a person consumes. You must consider that if the house runs out of food, this number will go back to being 0 and you will have to set it up again. The better a person eats the better their health will be.
3.0.2.6	Parts: Med	Right below the food buttons, there are a pair of arrows that let you manage how many meds are reserved for when that person becomes ill. At the end of the day, the individual is going to consume all the meds reserved for them.
3.0.2.7	Parts: Alerts	Right next to the names of each character, two alerts may notify you when that person is sick or unstable. When a character falls ill you will only know the symptoms of their illness and not the illness itself. As medicines become less common, you will have to make a judgement on what sicknesses to ignore depending on their symptoms.
3.0.3	Quick-Preview	By right-clicking the house menu, you can display a quick-preview menu. This menu lets you visualize how much money you have, as well as the current health of each family member and if they are sick. Notice how this menu DOES NOT display the current morale of each family member or if they are unstable. You will need to check the House Menu for that.
3.1	Phone Menu	[Tells about the phone menu]
3.1.0	Newspaper	The newspaper is an integral part of the gameplay. In it you will be able to see more about the world and the story of the city. More crucially, the newspaper may sometimes give you hints about how to properly play the game.
3.1.1	Music Manager	A planned feature is to allow users to chose their music while they play Little Venice. Since this is a game based on a lot of menu navigation, allowing the user to chose what they listen to in the background is important.
3.1.2	Information	Hello! This is the information section. Here you can look for information that lets you understand better the game and its mechanics.
3.1.3	Options 	Right now, all you can do in the Options menu is exiting the game. In the future, you will be able to make aditional small changes like sound balance and fullscreen vs windowed mode.
3.2	Activities	[Info about activities]
3.2.0	Definition	Activities are the main "action" of the game. By clicking on an activity, you obtain effects from it and allow time to pass. However, you must consider that the area of an activity affects the posibility of something bad happening on the way back from it. You can see where an activity takes place based on the star on the map corresponding to it.
3.2.1	Cost	Activities have different effects on your wallet. Work activities generate money, regular activities consume money. When an activity is shown in a darker color than the rest that means you dont have enough cash to afford it. You can hover your mouse on an activity to see cost and effects on morale.
3.2.2	Work Activities	Work Activities are different from other activities because they don't "consume" money but produce it. They also may drop the morale of the father, so be wary of that.
3.2.3	Shopping	Shopping is important to keep the stock of the house full. The area, specialty and popularity of a shop affects what items it will have, when will it have them, for how much and the risks involved in getting to it. 
3.2.4	Family Time	Family activities are usually expensive or don't benefit the main character that much, however they serve to boost the morale of the rest of the family.
3.2.5	Solo Fun	Solo activities boost the morale of the main character and are usually cheaper than family activities. However, not because you can do something it means you should.
3.3	Pop-Up Windows	Pop-up windows open when you do an activity or something happens in the game. Click anywhere in the screen to dismiss them.
4	Events   	[The two types of events]
4.1	Regular Events	The conditions of the city, the family and the activities you do may give opportunity for events to occur. When an even happens you are faced with a situation that you have no control. These situations might affect your playthrough in a variety of ways.
4.2	Decision Events	Unlike regular events, you do have control over the situation sometimes. When this happens you are given a "decision event" where a situation is presented to you and must make the right decision or face the consequences. Remember that sometimes the best result is that nothing happens.